Good morning, I'm Michelle Jen and Jen
and here in Hong Kong. You're [music]
watching the China Show. I'm Yvonne Man
with April Hong.
>> We're counting down to the open [music]
of markets in greater China. Our top
stories, Asian stocks slip with tech
stocks leading losses after a volatile
[music] session on Wall Street. Oil
holding gains on fresh tensions in the
Strait of Hormuz [music] with a ship
coming under attack. Apple buckles to
higher memory costs and hikes prices
[music] on Macs and iPads sending the
stock down by the most in more than a
year. Its suppliers in Asia will be in
focus with Taiwan and [music] greater
China coming online.
>> And one of those suppliers is among the
six [music] companies debuting in Hong
Kong. I'm Minmin Low here at the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange where we'll [music]
be hearing from the chairman of Ling Yi
I Tech. It raised more than a billion
dollars in its share sale as it plans to
boost its presence in the [music] AI
supply chain.
>> And I'm Stephen Engle at the Mobile
World Congress in Shanghai for a look at
the newest gadgets taking on Apple and
the rest of the consumer tech. AI is
claimed to be in every product [music]
we are seeing here including there's a
robot boxing ring just off camera. You
can catch that later. Plus we'll [music]
hear from organizer GSMA Limited CEO
John Hoffman.
>> [music]
[music]
>> You know, April, Steve talked about
humanoid robots boxing ring. I feel like
that's how markets are kind of dealing
with this kind of bull and bear case
that keeps happening this whole week
here. Uh after this massive sort of
recovery that we saw yesterday, it seems
like things are now tempering off here
and it seems like all the reasons why
Micron was gaining and the chip stocks
stocks were gaining yesterday, it's the
reason why we saw Apple fall as well,
right? As they talk about, you know,
chip shortages are really kind of what's
prompted them to raise prices now.
>> Yeah, I mean, in terms of the market,
the price action really can't catch a
break, right? In terms of these drivers
that we're seeing. So, let's take a look
at what else was also shaping things,
right? Because we did get a ship that
was under attack or unknown projectile
in the street. So, that's something to
keep in mind, as well, as far as macro
is concerned, because Brent overall that
holds some of those gains, but that
data, PCE coming in soft, and then we
had some Fed speak from John Williams
talking about how he still sees rates as
well placed to help inflation back to
target. And it was interesting, cuz
overnight we saw
front end Treasuries, that was where the
outperformance was, in spite of what we
saw earlier in the week. Now, take a
look at, you say, you know, what we saw
in tech, that cooling momentum
overnight. The price action, if you take
a look on an index level, it looks like
it's very placid. But under the hood,
you see a lot of churn. Micron, that was
where the rally was from. The Mag 7s
were really under trouble overnight with
the drag coming from Apple. Kospi, you
look on the headline level, it's
struggling at the 9K. And in terms of
tech drivers, there are a couple of
things, right? So, obviously, we're
watching the Apple suppliers in the
session in Asia today. You have the
memory chip stock rally that's cooling.
Watching consumer electronics, as well,
in terms of the uh
names that are price takers for this
memory chip hike. And then, when it
comes to open AI and how it seems to be
leaning towards maybe, right, an IPO
next year, instead. That's the drag that
you're seeing on SoftBank, 11% down. And
then, keeping things on AI, think about
how Deep Seek is also looking like it's
doubling its headcount. So, positive
step in that direction. AI filtering
through into Hong Kong IPOs. We'll talk
more about that today as well. And then
on the macro level,
when it comes to China, a bit of a
pickup on the one-year policy loan rate,
right, Yvonne?
>> Yeah, I take a look at some of these
Apple suppliers. Let's see how they're
doing here right now because it's quite
interesting. Uh this was the biggest
intraday fall since February for Apple
shares, right? And it's just just one of
many companies that we've talked about
when it comes to consoles that have had
to raise their prices because of memory
chip prices that continue to uh surge.
So, certainly that's one thing to watch.
You know, at first it's really iPads and
Macs. The key question is does this
actually have to be eventually lead to,
you know, iPhones? Where we might see a
phone uh price increases there on that
side of things. And certainly we
obviously Microsoft, I think it's
already raised Xbox prices like three
times already. So, certainly this is
going to be an ongoing thing as you can
hear hearing the likes of Micron saying,
you know, the chip shortages are not
going to go away possibly into well into
2027.
>> Yeah, and the extent in which consumers
in the US are still going to be paying
these prices. I mean, we had the likes
of Bloomberg Intelligence also talking
about, "Hey, these hikes might be coming
for the iPhones, particularly on the pro
side of the
uh
product range, right? Because that's
where things are a bit maybe less price
sensitive. Uh you are seeing these
hikes. It's pretty much unprecedented.
We just don't see hikes across a segment
of the Apple product range. You're
seeing also some of these analyst calls
in terms of maybe this helps it to deal
with the margin pressure as well.
Obviously, we talked earlier about how
we're watching the suppliers in the
session. Um it's also interesting cuz
this is coming against the backdrop of
some of the data overnight out of the US
which showed that consumers are still
spending even with inflation at these
levels, even with these price pressures,
Yvonne.
>> Yvonne Woo, head of APAC equity strategy
at BofA Global Research. She just came
back from a whole trip all around the
world this season as well. I mean,
positioning is crowded, volatility is
high, and valuations are quite high when
it comes to some of these sort of AI
plays. And then you have the retail side
of things, which is amplifying a lot of
the volatility in the ETF market. How
are people positioned now? How are they
looking at these markets?
>> Um I would just say that the traditional
long only, especially the global long
only, they are less crowded. Many of
them have seen the cycles. They have the
memories of memory stock in the old days
being cyclical, being commodities. So,
surprisingly, you know, for many long
only investors, they are underweighting
memory stocks.
And we haven't seen the capitulation in
terms of selling old China internet,
getting into memory. And that's actually
one of the debate, right, in during our
trip. Many of the US EM long onlys were
asking,
"What do I do with China internet,
right? Will there be a turnaround in
second half this year? Will there be a
policy stimulus? Or should I just cut
the loss and capitulate, right?"
On the other side, I think Asian
investors tend to be a bit more
pragmatic and more comfortable in terms
of chasing the momentum, focusing on
very much concentrated in AI,
semiconductor, AI infrastructure-related
names, and the mid-small names.
>> is earnings going to be given the fact
that some of these, especially on the
hardware side, these valuations have
spiked and these stock prices have
certainly reflected that, too.
>> Yeah. I mean, you know, I think for Asia
would be slightly different from
overseas. I think overseas market,
you know, so far, at least in Korea,
Taiwan, we are seeing continued earnings
upward revision. And also one of the
interesting debate is whether these
long-term agreement for the memory
stocks really mean anything, right? The
bulls will argue that hey, these
long-term agreements are locking in your
price, your profit for the next few
years.
But, on the other side, the cynics will
say, "Hey, this LTA actually doesn't
mean much, right? When the cycle turns,
commodity companies essentially, can you
really charge that kind of high price or
do you have to
cut your price as well?" Whereas in
Asia, I think Asia is very much
thematic-driven, but once earning miss a
little bit, you see quite crowded
shorting or selling pressure in these
sectors as well. So, we could see very
amplified volatility in some of the even
AI tech names, GPU names. Previously, we
saw some liquid cooling names. In the
past few quarters, if earnings miss,
there's huge down downside pressure.
>> So, that's hardware. What about the
Chinese internet names, Winnie? What do
we do with them?
>> I think depend on people's holding power
and the horizon. I would imagine that in
the next 3 to 6 months, the pain will
remain to be there because as these
companies, especially the few leading
platforms, they need to continue to
invest in AI, which means more earnings
negative. If their AI initiatives
initiatives become successful leading to
more usage of their LLM, it probably
means more token cost, more inferencing
cost, which is even more earning
negative. And the key challenge is that
the consumer side monetization on AI
isn't very clear, right? And and that
that's the challenge for many US
companies like Google as well. So, you
know, the challenge for China internet
is even though their PE multiple
currently doesn't look expensive, low
things, but if earnings are not getting
revised up, but still getting revised
down, then it's very hard to call where
is the bottom. And also, the problem is
opportunity cost, right? You know,
lonely investor told us that in a normal
year, I would be comfortable holding
this company and believing that 12-18
months later, they should deserve 30%
50% more. But now, holding them for 3
months,
the alternative index, the memories are
up 50%. So, opportunity cost is another
problem that's forcing people to to very
carefully evaluating the short-term
upside and downside.
>> When we zoom out a bit and talk Hong
Kong stocks overall, there's also been
this tightening of cross-border flows. I
mean, what do you see overall in terms
of the sector impact? Is there a chance
of a rebound when it comes to property,
for example?
>> Yeah, I mean, relatively speaking, we'd
be more comfortable on the Hong Kong
banks and a bit more cautious on the
Hong Kong property stocks for second
half of this year. Uh for a few reasons,
other than this cross-border liquidity
tightening, currently, our house view is
forecasting things three rounds of Fed
rate hike. Now, even if it's not three
rounds, but the prospect of potential
Fed tightening isn't going to be
negative for the property markets in
Hong Kong. Also, historically, Hong
Kong's residential property price index
tend to be a lagging indicator to HSI.
So, there's a correlation between stock
market and the property market. And if
second half this year, stock market is
seeing more pressure because of, you
know, the liquidity drain from all the
papers, IPOs, because and the
competition from the Asia IPO and US IPO
as well. And also, there is a quite 1.2
trillion Hong Kong dollar of unlocking
from the previous IPO that will come to
unlock. That's another liquidity drain.
And with the cross-border tightening,
so, you know, if Hong Kong market, HSSI
is under more pressure, Hong Kong
property will probably see more pressure
in the next 6 months. We are more
comfortable with the Hong Kong banks.
>> How much conviction are you getting from
investors that you talked to about they
want to broaden out of this AI trade? Or
or is it quite low still right now?
>> Um I think it again depends on horizon.
For the more nimble found platform hedge
found, you know, quant found, no problem
at all. The momentum is still there and
the view is at least until next earnings
of the hyperscalers, which is like, you
know, 2 3 months away.
So people I would say generally are
still quite um
um on the positive leaning positive side
and there's no compelling alternatives,
right? I think you guys have been
talking about broadening out of the
trade, looking into defense,
industrials, whatever, but the
conviction elsewhere in terms of earning
certainty, margin, the defensible
margins
are not as strong as AI.
>> And even just consumption, right, in
China for example. I mean itself
reinforcing in some ways cuz you know,
you know that they're not you know, the
stimulus wise they they
>> They'd rather focus on AI, rather focus
on advanced manufacturing, not so much
consumer demand stimulus.
You know, it seems like though that that
dispersion that we're seeing in China is
more pronounced, that K-shape is more
pronounced than anywhere else.
>> It is.
>> Is there any sort of reason for that gap
to narrow?
>> Yeah, I would say that partly because
the wealth effect of the stock market is
far less prevailing in China.
>> Mhm.
>> I mean, you know, Korea, Taiwan, much
smaller population, right? [laughter]
So, you know, like I think Samsung has
like 5 million of share retail
shareholders.
>> Lots of millionaires now, yeah.
>> Exactly, right? So the wealth effect is
much more evident in driving the luxury
car sales, you know, the spending in
Korea. Whereas in China, the wealth
effect in the stock market might only
benefiting a very small part of the
population, right? The people in
Lujiazui.
And also,
in Korea, the two stocks has done very
well over the past 12 months or even
longer. Whereas in China, even as
professionals, we need to constantly
look at rotations, changing themes,
right? You know, the stock you bought a
year ago,
um new consumption,
right? It's not necessarily making you
money today. So, for retailers, can they
really make money in this kind of rapid
rotation? That's another challenge.
>> Yeah, on that point on rotation we need
I mean, where does this leave the rest
of Asia that has sort of been locked out
in the cold because they don't have AI
as a way to play things because we also
seeing geopolitically maybe things are
cooling off a bit whether you're looking
at oil prices. So, is there more of a
chance for cyclicals?
>> Yeah, the the thing is um
as long as the AI capex cycle continues,
um that's what's driving the earning
growth, right? That's what's driving
demand. That's what's driving the
earnings upward revision in Korea,
Taiwan in the tech-related sectors.
Whereas other market, you know, India
underperformed, but India still trading
at MSCI India still trading at 21 times
PE. So, is that compelling compared to
MSCI Korea at eight to nine times PE?
So, you know, I think ultimately
underperformance is one thing, but we
still investors still looking at
earnings momentum, earnings growth.
>> Winnie, thank you. Winnie Woo there,
ahead of APAC equity strategy of BofA
Global Research. Still ahead, we're
going to talk a little more about the
Apple supply chain. Electronic
components [music] maker Lingyi iTech
debuts in Hong Kong after raising more
than a billion dollars in its IPO. Its
[music] chairwoman Cathy Dong joins us
later this hour. Of course, six
companies are listing this in the city
here today, this Friday. But, we're
going to talk a little more with Cathy
about how they're really pivoting the
business away from just traditional
consumer electronics, [music] but more
into AI supply chains, robotics, and the
like here. There you go. [music] The
bang of the multiple gongs coming up at
the bottom of this hour. You're counting
down the opening trade of Shanghai
Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This is the
China Show. Happy Friday.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Your daily update on Greater China
today. There is that NPC Standing
Committee meeting that is underway.
Also, where we are and Steve is is the
Mobile World Congress as well. So, of
course, that's really quite fitting with
the Apple story overnight of them really
raising their prices when it comes to
all Macs, iPads, and home devices and
that Vision Pro. So, we're going to
watch very closely those Apple suppliers
here today. Uh there is an NDRC energy
briefing to watch out for. There's some
May occupancy numbers coming out from
Macau. And of course, those Hong Kong
debuts. And we're going to be speaking
to, of course, one of them, which is a
woman known as the queen, one of the
queens of the Apple supply chain, April.
>> Yeah, we have many queens on this Apple
supply chain, I suppose. I mean, you
talk about these hikes, right, for Apple
products. And that's only what dragged
its stocks in the US session. So, talk
us through that and some of these Hong
Kong listings, the AI drivers. Our China
correspondent, Mimi Lo, joins us now
from the Hong Kong Exchange. And she's,
of course, as you alluded to there,
Yvonne, set to speak with an Apple
supplier that's making its debut in a
few minutes.
Mimi, I'm very excited to have your next
guest. But talk to us first about some
of these Apple suppliers, partners, and
how concerned maybe they are of these
Apple price hikes.
>> Yeah, certainly that's a question we
will pose to Cathy, the chairwoman,
later about how the impact of this price
hikes on Apple products will affect her
as a component supplier, right? Whether
it will be hitting its demand, its
margins. This is because Apple is now
hiking the prices of all its iPads and
MacBooks by between a hundred to five
hundred dollars a piece on the back of
this storage and memory shortage. Price
increases of those cost of production
has been rising at the fastest pace we
have seen according to the Apple
spokesperson. And the company has been
trying to refrain from passing on those
costs to consumers, but it's come to the
inevitable right now. And while Apple
hasn't raised the prices of these Apple
iPhones, Apple Watches, and AirPods, our
Bloomberg Intelligence analysts think
that maybe price hikes for iPhones could
be on the horizon, especially the higher
model iPhones where demand is less
elastic. And of course, we will be
talking to Kathy about the impact of
this on her business.
>> Yeah, I mean, tell us a little more
about Lingyi Tech Itech specifically.
And what does it do?
>> So, Lingyi Itech is an electronics
component manufacturer primarily
supplying to smartphone and laptop
makers. So, some of the high-profile
clients include Apple, Huawei, Samsung,
Lenovo, for example. That is the
majority of its business. But, it is
also trying to pivot away from this
mature smartphone business, right? Given
the problems we were outlining earlier.
So, Lingyi Itech has also recently
acquired a liquid cooling system to
serve AI data centers. It's also built a
super factory in Beijing to assemble and
to create components for robots after it
acquired an 80% stake of this robot
maker AGTech. And it's targeting 10,000
units this year and 500,000
by 2030. That is a stunning 50 times
increase in this production capacity in
just a few years. So, we'll of course be
asking Kathy about what really boost
their confidence in going all out in
this embodied AI sector. They plan to be
the world's top three suppliers of
embodied AI hardware and certainly a lot
of interest here at the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.
>> A lot of interest and we're already
seeing in its Hong Kong debut that rise
of about 6% in the stock.
>> Mimmy, talk to us about how strong the
retail, the institutional demand for
this IPO has been.
It's been very, very strong. We're
talking about 96 times over subscribed
for the retail portion of this IPO and
among institutional advice investors, we
understand that at least 100 of them
didn't get any allocation for this IPO
after nearly 300 investors placed an
order for it and we understand from
sources that the company had a great
hand in shaping who got the final
allocation with most of it given to
strategic investors, sovereign wealth
funds, as well as global long only
investors who are unlikely to short the
stock. And the company plans to use
these IPO proceeds to fund further
acquisitions, to expand their production
capacity and of course to invest in R&D.
This is a more than $1 billion Hong Kong
share sale, the biggest we have seen in
Hong Kong since April of this year when
Victory Giant, which is a printed
circuit board maker, had debuted. So
it's part of a long line of these AI
tech startups that are debuting in Hong
Kong this year.
>> Yep, it's been a big one.
>> All right, Mimmy, thank you. Our China
correspondent Mimmy Lo there as she
mentioned she will be speaking with the
Lingyi ITech chairwoman coming up here
after of course the open. Taking a look
at what comes to the pre-market, as
we've been saying no surprise we're
seeing a little bit of a pullback here
when it comes to stocks in Hong Kong.
We're lower by about half of 1%. E 50
futures are deep in the red here this
morning. Uh we're flat when it comes to
the currency at 680 levels as well, but
we're focusing of course on a little bit
on that tech sell-off that's underway
here in Asia on this Friday. We've got
plenty more ahead.
>> [music]
>> This is Bloomberg.
>> Well, given what we're seeing in the
rest of the region, perhaps no surprise
is there is a bit of that cooling when
it comes to uh Hang Seng as well. 5
>> [sighs]
>> 5/10 of a percent lower and the drag
you're seeing is coming from the likes
of Alibaba, Tencent, SMIC, so chips as
well. And keep in mind the consumer
electronics front and the impact from
these higher memory prices. So Xiaomi
also among the stocks that we'll be
watching today in the session. It's a
bit on the back foot for the moment,
Yvonne.
>> Yeah, so we're definitely going to watch
what happens with some of these like
electronic makers, right? Given the
Apple warnings that we've seen, the
price hikes that we've seen, and is this
going to be more of a I guess have a
spillover effect across sort of all
components and the like. Certainly
that's going to be leading to a lot of
questions about that.
Key of our mark is the trade data that
we got yesterday from Hong Kong. Still
pretty strong, right? A lot of it has to
do with course electronics, AI tech
exports as well. So still seeing 40%
gains for exports and 42% for imports.
In terms of stocks to watch, I'm
watching some of these Apple suppliers
here today. Certainly given the slide
that we saw in Apple shares, this
[music] is what they're doing. Are we
flip Okay. We'll take a look at what's
going on for the rest of the markets.
There you go. Lingyi ITech H shares.
That's the trade debut. One of the Apple
suppliers there. Shares are up 6%. We'll
be speaking with the chairwoman
>> [music]
>> in just a few moments. That interview is
coming up. The open is next.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh, there you go. A quick pan of all the
gongs, right? It The camera cannot fit
all of them in one shot. I pictures of
Hong Kong exchange there. We have six
companies in an ETF are making their
[music] debut here today. So, yes, it's
going to get loud there in the exchange
today. You take a look at how it is or
it's going to be quite cheerful because
look at the stock that we're seeing in
some of the pre-market of the the six,
right? We talked about Lingyi iTech.
That sucker is up some six, but you got
Weng AI, SG Micro, Circuit Fabology.
These are all companies that are
somewhat chip-related or AI services or
even AI supply chain related as well.
So, yes, you are seeing them surge here
with double digits there. Weng AI is up
more than 80% here. Circuit Fab also up
74%. [music]
So, it's a good day on the exchange.
Here we go, the countdown to the bang of
the gong. Let's listen in.
There you go.
Great day there for Bonnie Chan and her
team, obviously, as they commemorate
this big day of listings here. Lingyi
iTech certainly is the one to watch
here. We're going to have a chairwoman
speaking with Min Min in just a moment
after, of course, she steps off the
stage, but certainly this is an Apple
supplier. She's known as one of the
three queens of the Apple supply chain,
but they're really transitioning this
company into something more of AI
infrastructure. She wants to go and talk
a more about robotics, humanoid robots,
and the like. So, certainly lots of
impact there in that conversation with
Min Min in just a few moments. In the
meantime, let's cross over to what these
mainland markets are doing here right
now. Of course, we talked about when it
comes to the A-share market, uh there is
a lot of optimism still around some of
these AI plays here, and certainly the
key question is going to be on earnings
and whether, you know, can we actually
continue to see these stock prices at
higher based on fundamentals alone?
That's still a key question there. CSI
300 is lower by about 9/10 of 1%.
Shenzhen is also seeing more pressure
here. We're lower by about 1 and 1/2%.
Crude prices in Shanghai are picking up
a little bit. Although, when you look at
Brent and WTI, we already are erasing
some of the initial sort of move to the
upside when it comes to oil prices on
the back of this ship that was hit on
the Strait of Hormuz. So, still dealing
with some of these sort of Iran tensions
once again here in the forefront. And
we're also still watching likes of some
of the chip makers here today. So,
yesterday they were doing quite well.
Cavotec though is heading south this
morning. Kweichow also lower by about 1
and 1/2%. You take a look at what it
comes to what else is moving. Let's look
at Hong Kong.
Your dashboard looking like this. We had
some pretty strong trade numbers that
came through from Hong Kong yesterday as
well. We're talking about 40% gains
percentage gains when it comes to
exports here. But, look at HS Tech. We
are seeing quite a bit of pressure here.
We're down some 2% here right now. It's
really led by the likes of Alibaba. The
shares already fell to an 18-month low
yesterday after of course Entropic's
accusations about the company. We're
seeing another 4% lower here today.
Baidu's down some two. Xiaomi's down
some three as well. So, watching Xiaomi
in particular just given the maybe the
Apple effect that they might also be
feeling the effects of a memory
shortages and the like that could be
leading them to
you know, face the same thing that Apple
is whether they need to raise prices or
not. Tencent is lower by 1 and 1/2%.
You're seeing a little bit of upside in
the property space. HSBC, so those
traditional sectors are doing a little
bit better. But, yes, few bright spots
it seems right now. 680 for your
currency. Let's look at Lenovo cuz an
interesting call. The shares are falling
here today. But, City has raised
Lenovo's target by 55%
here. So, from 20 to $31 here. So,
they're saying strong earnings growth
led by better profitability at its
infrastructure solutions group. So,
they're really pivoting, they say, from
a PC-centric company to a full-stack AI
tech leader across devices,
infrastructure, and services there.
Taiwan has Apple suppliers as well.
We've been tracking those and seeing
some of the ones that are listed in Hong
Kong are doing this. So, they are also
uh feeling the effects of that Apple
slide after that 6% drop overnight for
Apple shares. We're seeing likes of
Luxshare, AAC Tech, and Lens Tech all
falling here this morning, April.
>> Yeah, we're watching these Apple
suppliers tech overall can't seem to
catch a break today. I mean, you look at
the maybe triple whammy, if you want to
call it that, right? Not just about the
Apple price hikes, but memory names, the
run-up is facing that bit of a cooling.
So, you look across the region, you're
seeing some of these South Korean ones
also being dragged a little. And given
all that is in play, you are also
seeing, I think, the concerns among
consumer electronics also creeping in.
So, those are the sort of plays when it
comes to what's driving tech in the
region. But, of course, to your point
earlier about whether earnings can
deliver and how that is going to inform
what we're seeing among China's hardware
stocks, because that's really where the
rally has been, right? Whether you're
looking at the STAR 50 or the ChiNext,
that's really propelled these indices,
the optimism that China is supporting
these homegrown chip or hardware-related
stocks when it comes to the AI build-out
at a time where, of course, when it
comes to the hyperscalers, there's a lot
of capex that is going into
infrastructure as well. And then, you
think about when it comes to valuations,
it is looking pretty pricey. If you're
looking at the STAR 50, I think it's
something like 70 times. So, you know,
you got to be quite brave to dip into
things right now, which is, I guess,
what Winnie Wu was alluding to a little
uh earlier, Yvon.
>> Yeah, you take a look at what it comes
to what the earnings projections are for
the STAR 50. Bloomberg compiled them at
was thinking estimates could be more
than four or 4% this quarter. I mean,
compared to the the astronomical sort of
gains we're seeing across the stocks and
the valuations, that certainly means
that they really have to deliver when it
comes to the earning side of things
here. So, that could be the next
catalyst to watch very closely here. And
even when they were talking a little
more about the fact that, you know,
whether to buy or hold when it comes to
Asia's tech, they said, "Look, before,
you know, it was easy to kind of stick
to these sort of names and hold and kind
of brace the volatility because there is
longer-term upside. But when you have
memory stocks route 50% in a month, the
opportunity cost is certainly there and
getting higher. So, that's one thing to
watch here." Okay, let's get to of
course back to the Hong Kong Exchange.
China's Lingyi iTech is debuting in Hong
Kong today after raising more than a
billion dollars in its IPO. The
Guangdong-based electronics components
maker is a supplier to Apple is now
looking to expand beyond its core
business. Let's bring in Minmin Loh, our
China correspondent. She is at the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange with the company's
chairwoman. Minmin.
>> Hey Von, yes, joining me here is Katie
Kathy Tsang, the chairwoman of Lingyi
iTech. Kathy, what a important milestone
for your company today? I know that your
main business
is really is supplying components to
smartphone and laptop manufacturers, but
you're now pivoting to many things from
humanoid robotics to
cooling systems for data service. Can
you just tell me about your company's
strategy and what is going to be the
next to be the next big growth catalyst
for you?
>> Oh, good. We are we are lucky that with
the past the 20 years we start our
company, we become the top three of the
world of the all the small components.
And then we've been involved in more
than 20 different area. One, two is
because of this then doing the
acquisition, so we develop our
components into module.
So, we're doing thermal module, doing
the hinge module, trackpad keyboard, all
that module, and then and also chargers.
And then through the module, then we
become the FATP manufacturing. So, we
>> explain FATP for our audience to better
understand?
>> So, it's a system like final assembly.
So, from components to module and then
to the final the whole devices. We have
this kind of
either R&D and engineering and
manufacturing capability. And then all
around the world, we have 80 different
factories around
15 countries. So, we're very
international. So, then this is the
fundamental of our company for the past
20 years. And then
we see the trend from the electronic
consumer and then it's going to go to
the AIDC. It's going to really up for
the next of at least 5 years. So, we're
fully
speech to focus on that, which is we can
share similar of the process and then
the more complete and difficult of the
capability that we are kind of shift and
then copy that into
the AIDC industry. And then we are
already support all the famous name
already. Then that's it going to be the
another trend. And then we are also use
the hardware that then we make the human
or robot then from the components also
to module and the whole system and
testing and then the uh
uh copy standard. And also
we help to do all the certification and
the service. And then we also because of
we have
around
100,000 of employees around the world.
Outside of China, we have a 30,000. Then
the whole
factory, we are also have a huge amount
of data that we're going to share with
all the industry
together. So, that's
the key and then we believe we can do a
lot of achievement doing this growth.
>> Uh we just got news that Apple is hiking
the prices of its iPads and MacBooks on
the back of Can you hear me?
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> On the back of those memory shortage.
So, I'm wondering as a major supplier,
how big of a hit is that going to be for
your demand and and for your margins?
>> Actually, we knew that earlier.
Um because we're very the core supplier
of the industry. So, we knew that
earlier. And then we already uh kind of
uh shift our capability and the case of
it capability into phone, into notebook.
That two-in-one is still grow. And then
also with this year, the new foldable
things is going to come and then we
focus on that. We have a lot of um new
technology for the new phone and then we
believe that can help us to digest our
capacity. So, would not really interest
too much to us.
>> Uh you have opened up this new super
factory in Beijing. You're targeting,
you know, from 10,000 units this year to
500,000 in 2030. What is underpinning
this confidence? And have you locked in,
you know,
uh clients for the humanoid robot?
>> Sure. Sure. We are locked uh at least uh
30 different clients. Um all the famous
one in China and also the famous one in
North America.
>> Could you share specifically which are
your clients in North America?
>> Uh I'm sorry.
>> [laughter]
>> Every big name you can name.
>> Okay. As long as
>> Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, every big
name then they're all involved. And then
even some of the name you don't know and
then we uh doing the first uh prototype
situation. But I just assigned a
contract but I cannot really share. Then
the Beijing one uh we are focused on the
China brand. So, that's more than 10 of
the China brand is going to use the
Beijing facility. Actually, we have
another facility at the Chengdu and then
another facility at
Zhengzhou, which is where they have
three MP for humanoid robot. And then by
this year, so far on hand we already got
more than 30,000 sets of the humanoid
robots PO on hand.
>> And are you looking at expanding these
factories outside of China?
>> Yes.
>> Where?
>> Yeah. We are going to We have factories
in Vietnam, India, Brazil, Turkey,
France, and then United States, and
Finland. So, we're going to follow our
customer requirement.
>> What is the projected demand growth
you're seeing in this humanoid robotic
sector in the US and in China?
>> I think the re- really big
trend would come after 2028.
2028.
That's my guessing. And it's going to be
really become more like for sure around
even 2030. But we would like to do all
these as supporting in the beginning.
And then one day we can really become
you know, top players in the industry.
>> You are looking to commit your capex to
capacity expansion beyond this humanoid
robots factory. Where else are you
putting money into?
>> Oh, AIDC must be the first one. So, we
already have an
hyper
power charger. And then for the AI AC DC
to DC to DC, so all these kind of power
module is going to be a big area for us
to invest. We are actually doing a quite
more than eight different customer for
making samples, but the power for AIDC
is really needs more than one year to do
the verification. So, that take time.
And then the two is our thermal
solution. So, the thermal one we just
acquired rear door. So, we're going to
that's they are
media's approved supplier. So, we're
going to use that to bring all different
production line into the top is the
customer. And then we're also involved
with other
uh components or things for the AIDC.
>> Yeah. Are you seeing any component
shortage in all the sectors you're
present in right now? How severe is
that?
>> Yeah, I actually we are excited about
that because um for the past the 20
years of um
very uh strong competition, China is a
very good high-quality
black sport quality uh price. And then
um then the whole team and we're
everywhere and we can uh
we actually are waiting for the one of
them to become really big and the
requirement for quality become extremely
uh high, then it's our showtime.
>> Okay. So, you're seeing supply
constraints or not?
>> Uh a little bit.
>> A little bit. And how severe?
>> Yeah. But to us it's an opportunity.
It's because we got to use over that and
then it's our chance.
>> All right. Thank you so much, Canny
Deng. That was the chairwoman of Ling Yi
AI Tech, Yvonne.
>> And then thank you so much meaning with
a conversation with uh one of the queens
of the Apple supply chain talking about
AI as well. Now, on that note, given
what we're seeing in that hive of
activity at the Hong Kong exchange
today, let's take a look at how some of
these other listings there at the
exchange are faring among the top
performers. Key top parking, you're
looking at that 190%
surge. But of course, there are some of
these other AI trends that we're
watching also in terms of these
listings, right? That's the read through
I suppose when you look at some of these
PCE-related names along with counters
that are looking for that AI edge. So, a
lot of green on the screen, a lot to do
with AI as well, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, Keytop Parking, I just looked it
up. They they produce parking guidance
systems. So, if you're looking for a
parking space, uh you have to go to
them. So, certainly that one is the
outperformer here among
all these who are all doing quite well
here today already. Coming up, we'll
talk more about AI advancements and the
future of mobile industry and focus as a
Mobile World Congress convenes in
Shanghai. We'll speak live to the host
industry association GSMA next. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Now, AI-powered gadgets are the stars at
Mobile World Congress in Shanghai, where
Chinese companies are showcasing the
latest in mobile tech. Our chief North
Asia correspondent Stephen Engle is
there on the ground with the event
organizer and host. Steve?
>> Yeah, that's right. I know there's a lot
of stresses and optimism across the AI
infrastructure world with data centers
and worries about component costs. We've
been talking, obviously, all morning
about Apple and others, Microsoft, Sony
PlayStation, others raising prices
because, again, of the rising costs of
memory, the rising costs of components.
It's all the stresses of what the next
guest here talks about is a optimism of
the platform of optimism, no doubt here
in China. Let's bring in John Hoffman,
GSMA Limited CEO, the organizer and host
of the Mobile World Congress Shanghai.
Thanks so much for having us again.
>> Thanks, Steve, for coming. You know,
it's our 13th year here.
>> I know, and I've been to every single
one. Yes, thank you so much. Let's talk
about the build-out of 5G, no doubt.
operators have spent trillions of
dollars, are already talking about 6G.
That's on top, of course, of all the
costs associated with AI and the
infrastructure and the you know, the
data centers. And now we have the
stresses of rising component costs and
inflation. So, how does that
dampen, or does it dampen the enthusiasm
we're feeling here in the Chinese
tech space?
>> Well, we didn't see it this week.
Actually, we saw a lot of optimism as
we're moving from the connectivity era
sort of into the systems era, where
connectivity is the underlying base
component to connect, compute,
transmission, and use. So, we've got all
of that going on here. A lot of
innovation. We've seen robotics, we've
seen non-terrestrial, obviously
satellite, so we're moving from the
ground up into the air as well.
We've got a lot a lot of talk about
what's going to be in 6G and what it's
going to bring us. And that's pretty
interesting. Obviously, China is well
advanced in thinking about the next the
next era of communication. So, we've had
a lot of optimism here. There's a lot of
hype, obviously. Every single booth here
across multiple halls, every product
from plush toys to wearables all say
they are AI. How much of that is hype
and how much of that is really due to
the open-source nature of Chinese AI and
really enabling IoT and wearables and
the like.
>> You know, I think
we're in the early days of the AI era,
and everyone wants to jump on that
bandwagon. And what we're going to find
is real AI is coming to the top. And it
means
artificial intelligence, but machine
learning. Agentic AI is where we're
going, and we're going very, very
quickly. We're moving from
a systems economy to a token economy.
And I think that's really been a lot of
the discussion here is how's that
transition going to happen and frankly
it's happening kind of first in the
telecom industry right here in China.
>> How are we going to see different from
the West perhaps the monetization of all
this investment from the operators which
your association represents? They've had
to spend all this money on 5G networks
now 6G as I said earlier and also all
these data centers. Uh yes there's some
shared costs with government initiatives
but again monetization is very
important.
>> Well we're going to move from from
personal consumer use into
B2B. So it's really really important
that we begin to further automate
industry, manufacturing, fintech,
government and all of the verticals.
Retail as as that becomes a real key
component then that's where we see that
the real AI and 5G era kind of coming
together and and revenues rising from
those components.
>> How and where will China lead really
because I we know all about the SpaceX
IPO but I've seen a lot of you know
aerospace booths here this
non-terrestrial networks that basically
satellite down to the terrestrial
networks. That's going to help get this
interconnectivity to all these devices
we're seeing cuz China is home to the
supply chain but also new indigenous
innovation. There's also edge computing
where we can take you know you don't
have to rely on the latency effect to
the data centers you can be on site.
>> Well 5G and 5G advanced and obviously
when we get into 6G latency becomes one
of our core core core components. And as
we have EVs and satellite and in all of
the other industries now adopting
AI technology you have to have latency
which is instantaneous. Not for
everything but for mission critical and
and I think that's where the show floor
uh the discussions we've had in our
conference rooms, and our show stage,
that's where it all comes together
because
it hasn't all been quite figured out,
but we have seen uh some of the real
first cases here in China.
>> Where how far can consumers uh accept
price gains, price hikes? Uh
A- Again, this is a big problem here.
>> Well, you know, prices obviously our job
is to keep prices mitigated uh and
offset with productivity gains because
as long as you are um
offsetting your cost with greater
productivity gains, you it's a still a
win. It's It's sort of described as like
moving from the pencil to the uh
calculator. You're still doing the
similar kinds of things, but you're
doing it a in a mechanical way. It costs
more, but you get more out of it.
>> Yeah, John Hoffman, thanks so much.
It'll be interesting to see when Apple
unveils its new foldable phones. They're
foldables everywhere here at a lower
price point, I might add. Okay, so much
to talk about. We'll be here all day at
the Mobile World Congress, Shanghai.
Back to you.
>> Yeah, I can't wait to see those gadgets
there. Thanks to Steve, of course, and
John Hoffman, CEO and director at GSMA
with our very own Stephen Engle. We have
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, another check of markets
here. Continuous pressure across Chinese
equities here today. CSI 300 is lower by
1.6% [music] Hang Seng also uh falling
as well. A shares are down some 1%. So,
uh we are watching [music] the next
milestone in all this as well after we
saw, of course, uh HSCEI, [music] MXCN,
and HS Tech already in a bear market.
HSI could be the next one to watch
[music] here. Watching very closely
those levels. We'll bring you more in
the next hour of the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It has been a pretty choppy sort of week
so to say when it comes to risk assets
are concerned and today it seems like
we're ending this week here [music] in
some of a negative note when it comes to
you know lingering concerns around the
Strait of Hormuz and then you have some
of these tech wobbles that we've seen
that was largely sparked by Apple you
could say after they announced some
price hikes when it comes to MacBooks,
iPads, devices and the like here.
Certainly it's going to be a big one to
watch. Hang Seng, there you go. We are
now talking about we're near near bear
market territory, April.
>> Yeah, certainly going to be watching
those levels on a day where it's a bit
sad to be honest that markets can't
quite capitalize on how you look at how
brain prices are being kept in check.
You look at the PCE numbers that came
out of the US and you know, that was a
soft print. We did see the Treasury's
front end outperformance and they're
continuing on that trajectory even in
the Asia session. Dollar is picking up a
little bit but you know, if you look at
the performance across the region today,
you're really feeling how tech momentum
has been slowing and this is following
on from not just the Apple price hikes
but I think it's a lot to do with the
open AI IPO potentially being delayed to
next year. At least that's what
reporting suggests that the company is
leaning towards. So perhaps
unsurprisingly, you look at SoftBank.
These declines are the worst since April
last year that we're seeing on this
backer for chat GPT for open AI and
Kospi of course is pulling even further
away from that 9K level. Tiex also down
but the board take a look at what we're
seeing on the Apple supply chain. This
performance, I think is a reminder by
the markets that there are limits to how
much these tech names can pass on price
hikes to consumers of on.
>> Yeah, and and really consumers are
really kind of taking it, right? And now
you're seeing when it comes to this
whole AI boom cycle that, you know, it's
taking a bite out of companies like
Apple. Bloomberg Intelligence has a
great reaction piece to this saying
that, you know, Apple's price hikes will
likely help offset some product gross
margin pressure as memory costs climb.
We're pleased to bring in the senior
technology analyst Anurag Rana. He is
here in town. Perfect timing really,
Anurag. Do you think that the the drop
in Apple shares was it was it largely
because of the price hikes that we saw?
>> I think it's a mix of many factors and
you know, the price hike being one of
them. But Apple's valuation has jumped
so much in the last 12 odd months
because frankly as people are selling
off Microsoft and Amazon, Apple was the
safe haven. Their capital expenditures
as a percentage of sales is merely 3%
and Microsoft's going to spend over 50%
of their sales in capex this year. So,
when you're contrasting these two names,
you know, Apple was looking for for for
a number of months now.
>> Could we see more products? Even the
iPhone?
>> Absolutely. It has to happen.
>> Really?
>> There is no way Apple can hide now with
that. I mean, Apple's done a phenomenal
job of taking care of tariffs, taking
care of all the makeshift any regulatory
issues, margins have been up and up and
up. And now you really can't offset this
memory, you know, spike. And we think
even see you can calculate it many ways.
We think at least 500 to 700 basis
points of gross margin degradation
unless they start going out and raising
rates. Now, the first two that we saw,
very small portion of overall sales. Mac
is what? 7%? 8%? iPads like the same 7,
8. So,
iPhones are 50% of sales. So, it has to
happen.
>> Mhm.
Anurag, talk to us also about Apple and
perhaps this perspective that it has
that it can continue passing on these
costs to consumers.
>> So, when you look at a brand like Apple,
on the higher end, I think there is
flexibility. In a sense, when you are
looking at a buyer that's buying a
$1,300 phone, they are not going to, you
know, budge if it's $1,400 or so. But,
at the lower end phone, which is where
it could be a more expensive phone in an
emerging market, I think that's where
you could see some drop-off in unit
volume. But, we don't think they're
going to raise rates on the lower end.
They have done a very good job of
gaining market share in emerging
markets, in China, in the last three
quarters. And I think they will keep
those numbers the same or the prices the
same. And whatever they're going to
raise is going to be in the Pro or the
Pro Max model, and even the foldable
that we should, you know, come out by
the end of this year.
>> And And the thing about Apple, if you
can talk us through the nuances also, is
they outsource a lot of it, right?
Compared to maybe some of the other
consumer electronics players, how does
that also impact the extent in which the
memory price hikes are affecting them?
>> See, one of the things is, you know,
this is not something that's so specific
to them. They, you know, in in the Wall
Street Journal article, Tim Cook said
that he was going to use his balance
sheet to go out and try to get the best
deal for, you know, his company. That
could mean higher prepayments. It could
mean, you know, more preferential or
longer-term contracts. Now, what that
does is it gives them the supply that
they need to make sure that the product
is taken care of. But, at the same time,
it may you know, dent their free cash
flow a little bit. But, frankly
speaking, it shouldn't matter. Apple,
you know, generates more free cash flow
than almost any other company out there
except Nvidia.
>> Where we You talk about
>> was always seen as Apple was just
dragging in this whole AI story.
Do you think that there's more room to
catch up now? And what what do you think
that narrative is now?
>> I I actually am on the other side. I
think they're doing the best job of
anybody when it comes to AI because all
they're saying is whoever has the best
model, I'm going to go license this. I
really could don't want to be in the
model generation business as I said.
Their capital expenditures are 3% of
revenue. Compare that to Microsoft with
50%. You don't want to be in the model
game. They were not in the search game.
They went to Google and said, "I will
just license your technology. You create
the best model. I will use it." So, I
like their strategy, less on capex, and
they will get the best model they need.
>> Anurag, it's great to have you on the
region. Anurag Rana there, Bloomberg
Intelligence senior tech analyst there
when it comes to Apple. Uh of course,
we're looking at oil prices now of
course after attack on a cargo ship in
the Strait of Hormuz, and that's why we
did see earlier the session there oil
prices that peak up. Uh keep in mind
though, we have reversed those earlier
gains here. We're actually are seeing uh
oil prices slightly lower here. We're
back below 74, 75 levels uh for Brent.
WTI is back above I should say 71. Um
the incident does risk though
undermining the strait's reopening as
the US looks into which party was
responsible. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg editor John Herskovitz. He has
more on this. Uh
tell us a bit more about this incident.
How much of a threat is this to the
interim peace deal, John?
>> I sure am. This is arguably the biggest
test of this peace deal since it was
reached. But uh as you mentioned, it's
undermined some of the confidence in the
shippers going through the strait. But
the one thing is that diplomacy is still
going on. It hasn't derailed diplomacy.
And we've seen a bit of restraint from
the White House in a response for this.
We don't have a formal statement yet. We
have in our Bloomberg reporting a White
House official saying that they're
looking into the incident. Trump
appeared at an event and didn't mention
this specifically. So, you know, this is
a serious incident. We have some
restraint for now from the White House,
and we still have shippers a a bit
shaken by what has gone on with this
with this attack on the cargo ship in
the strait.
>> Yeah, talk to us about what you're
seeing in shipping in terms of traffic
in the strait.
>> Yeah, I mean it's was interesting up
until this uh traffic had been had
resumed um some data indicated that it
was about half of the level of an
average day of transit through the uh
the strait. Um after this incident and a
warning from Iran, we saw some ships
return, some ships try to make the
transit. The thing is it's
it's a fragile situation. We have
warnings from international
organizations about going through uh I'm
sorry, cautions about going through the
strait. So, it's um what was a little
bit more certain yesterday is a little
bit uncertain today. They're going
through, but uh this incident is on the
minds of global shippers and traffic
that's going through the strait now.
>> At the end of the day, it's also about
who has control of the strait really. I
mean, what are we hearing also on tolls
specifically from the Secretary of State
of the US?
>> Yeah, we had um Marco Rubio indicate
that tolls are a red line for the US. Uh
Trump indicated this earlier this week,
but also earlier this week Iran said it
was working with Oman to do some sort of
management of the maritime traffic
through the strait indicating that there
could be tolls or some sort of fees
applied to to ships going through the
waterway. So, you know, the US is uh
drawing a line in the sand. Iran is work
is has another idea. This is something
that will will be a key part of the
discussions as the US and Iran go
forward with their negotiations.
>> John, thank you so much. Bloomberg
editor John Herskovitz now given the
macro backdrop that we're seeing with
these oil prices, with the
considerations of what the Fed is going
to do, we've been seeing all of this
week, right, pretty much, except for the
past session, the dollar has been
picking up. And as you see how that is
also affecting Asian currencies, the
Hong Kong dollar has weakened to the
lowest level against the green back
since August 2025.
Now, we'll continue tracking that. And
still ahead as well, we'll discuss how
investors can [music] navigate the
recent volatility in stocks. Cboe's
Director of Derivatives [music]
Market Intelligence, Wei Liao, joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, take a look at how we are
faring in the Asia Pacific. It is a sea
of red, and this risk aversion appears
to be deepening. This is not a good
signal, of course, that we got from the
mag sevens overnight. Really in trouble
with Apple leading the way down despite
the rally we saw in Micron. And as we
see this risk aversion, you take a look
as well at SoftBank. No thanks to the
reporting that OpenAI might be delaying
that IPO to next year, right? What does
this mean for the sort of AI
infrastructure spending and the memory
plays, the AI trade that we've been
seeing in the region. Of course, we're
also watching for the extent in which
volatility has been picking back up. We
have been seeing a very choppy week as
far as South Korea is concerned, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, it's certainly been a roller
coaster there, given what we've been
seeing across some of these leverage
ETFs. And then what the Korean exchange
came out and saying when it came to
delaying the launch of these weekly
single stock options. So, certainly
there's a lot ahead. But you look at
when it comes to index volatility,
right? And you look at the VIX, that
actually has been remaining quite calm,
right? But you pair that with what is
the VIEQ
index. This is of course single stock
volatility. That actually remains
elevated and around these one-year
highs. So, certainly one thing that
maybe
leads you to scratch your head and
what's really going on. Let's bring in
Wei Li Ao, director of derivatives
market intelligence at Cboe. Of course,
she's been tracking this very closely.
If you look at a chart like that, it
looks a bit confusing.
What do you think is is it telling you
right now?
>> Indeed.
Yes, if you look at VIX, it's trading at
18, right? Looks market seems to be
calm, but it does kind of misleading
because if we look at the single stock
volatility,
judging by the Cboe's VIX EQ index, it's
near one-year high and the gap is near
record. Why this is happening? Because
right now, markets, the stock single
stocks are moving, but they're moving
different directions. Correlation is at
extremely low levels. So, in other
words, dispersion is high. So, markets
is trading on the idiosyncratic risk.
So, company specific risk such as AI
winners versus losers and there's very
little macro risk is being priced in.
And also, if you look at the index
level, we are also seeing some
dispersion. So, overnight, Russell 2000,
that's the US small cap index actually
reached a record high level. So, that
brings to year-to-date performance to
21%. That's very strong, outperforming
S&P and the NASDAQ. So, that that's
indicating that there's some rotation
happening in the markets as well,
healthy front.
>> I want to hold that thought, Wei Li Ao.
We have some breaking news when it comes
to what's going on in Korea. So, the
exchange is now speaking about
activating the sidecar to halt KOSPI
program selling. So, I think these are
more moves that we're hearing from the
exchange here this week uh to try to
tame some of the volatility that we've
been seeing. Of course, this has been a
very retail driven sort of market, so to
speak, as as foreign investors have
largely speaking this week uh have sold
Korean stocks. So, one thing to continue
to watch there, but there you go. KOSPI
is still lower by about 5% uh one of the
key underperformers here today. Uh wait
out, you mentioned about the
outperformance we're seeing in the
Russell and the light I mean, the
dollar's breaking out. I think it's one
of the highs that we've seen uh all
year. And then you have yields ticking
up around, you know, Fed rate hikes, but
the economy remains still quite strong.
Are you sensing that there's a bit of
this US exceptionalism is coming back?
>> Well, if you judging at Russell, yes, um
uh because that's more domestic focus
that's index, right? So, and also it's
reflecting more of the US domestic
cyclical sector health, such as
industrials and financials that have a
heavier weight compared to S&P. So, from
that perspective, yes, those uh growth
is quite strong. Um and also earnings so
far for the first half has been
extremely strong in the US. That's
helped us to carry the market forward.
Like, as a result, market's been able to
absorb so much negative shocks, right?
We had a geopolitical shocks and energy
shock. So, as but also Fed repricing.
So, the key question for the second half
is whether the earnings can continue to
carry the market forward given that we
have midterm election and uh we have uh
the dollar is breaking out. So, so yes,
but on the other hand, of course, we we
are seeing some healthy rotation. So,
it's kind of balanced market.
>> Talk to us as well about the retail
versus the institutional investor
sentiment. Is there a gap there? Are
they more aligned? And does that differ
whether you're looking at the US or
South Korea markets?
>> So, um right. So, heading into early
this month, right, um we were seeing
really strong bullish positioning
um from both institutional and the
retail. So, the percentage we are seeing
record high
uh share levels of these uh equities uh
with the call inverted call skew, which
means that all the money calls are
trading more expensive than money calls.
That's indicating
markets are paying for a bullish upside.
And on the retail front, from our Cboe
data, we were seeing the retail
investors, they are bullishly positioned
in in the options markets for these tech
uh AI stocks. Uh for example, they were
buying calls or either selling puts. So,
the bullish positioning taking up to
about 2/3 of the markets. Um as a
result, given the stretched position,
that's why we have seen some we have we
have been through some bumpy rides this
month because uh the stretched
positioning made the markets uh more
sensitive to So, for example, the
marginal liquidity tightening we have
seen and also earning surprises.
>> Mhm.
You know, the thing with these options
also in overall the derivatives markets,
there seems to be a bit more fear
creeping in among Asian regulators or
financial watchdogs. I mean, we've been
hearing from South Korean authorities,
right, in the past week or so. What is
your take on where things go from here?
And perhaps, you know, is more investor
education required?
>> Right, exactly. Um investor education is
definitely
uh important when it comes to
derivatives trading. I mean, by itself
the real futures can use for hedging,
can help you to manage risk. Of course,
if um you know, some people can use it
for to gain a leverage uh for for uh and
that that's my [clears throat] sort of a
foster kind of speculative activities.
But, on the other hand, uh it can really
help uh us to manage the risk. So, to
understanding the risk of these products
is extremely important.
>> How big of a risk is it for a market
like Korea, which has been looking at
these single stock leveraged ETFs,
and it really seems to be making and
really affecting the dynamics of the
overall market. How big of a risk is
that, do you think?
>> Uh for the Korean market, uh it's not
just the derivative because it's uh the
memory stock concentration, right? Uh
and in in the market there's semi
stocks. So, um
and then for a markets that's has had a
really uh high momentum and some
leverage getting into it, um whenever we
get some marginal liquidity tightening
such as Fed hiking rates, expectation of
that, and uh that's where when we are
most likely to get some shakeouts. So,
so yes, um
uh
we we need to be aware of the liquidity
situation and how much leverage is
getting to the market.
>> Um can I know Cboe just launched the the
new the sort of first products when it
comes to new prediction markets
suite? I mean, can you tell us a little
more about these options that and and
and really what are people getting into
when they when they when they look into
them?
>> Yeah yeah yes, um Cboe just launched uh
the first its first products in the
prediction markets suite. And uh
basically, um these are not sports
contracts yet. And it's binary options,
the yes and no options on the mini S&P
500 index. So, with uh
a fixed payout of uh
or zero, um as it expires. So, um and uh
these products kind of help retail
investors to uh to uh assess options to
trade options with a with a more simple
a simpler and intuitive way. So, and we
are quite excited to bring the deep
liquidity of uh SPX and options in core
system to the predictions markets.
>> Yeah, very interesting. A very hot topic
the prediction markets these days. Uh
wait out, thank you so much. The
director of derivatives market
intelligence at Cboe joining us here in
our Hong Kong studios. I just want to
recap what we heard from Korea and the
exchange in the last couple of minutes
or so. So, what we heard so far is that
they're activating that side car
uh to halt the Kospi program selling.
So, I think they're trying to at least
limit some of the the the the losses
that we've been seeing of course this
amidst this deep sell-off across the
board here when it comes to not just
Korea, but the rest of Asia uh here
today. So, certainly that's one another
such action coming through from the
exchange here today to try to at least
limit some of the volatility, but we are
still seeing 5% losses there uh in
Seoul. April.
>> Yeah, given what we've been seeing in
South Korean equities of late, our team
at Bloomberg Originals has been tracking
the volatility. Here's a look at that AI
stock mania, possible red flags, and how
it could impact markets around the
world.
>> South Korea may have an ant problem.
Although it's not these type events, but
rather these.
>> [music]
>> There are more than 14 million retail
investors in South Korea who are called
ants. Individually, they don't have much
power, but collectively they have a
greater [music] influence in the market.
>> These ants have been busy.
>> Not by more than 100% so far this year.
Just an unbelievable rally.
>> It's really quite extraordinary what's
happening in Korean stocks at the
moment.
>> The KOSPI index, which tracks Korea's
public companies, climbed 200% over the
last 12 months. Compare that to other
major markets like the S&P or even the
Nasdaq, and Korea's performance blows
them out of the water.
>> That means it has more than tripled over
the past 12 months. Retail investors,
they've been the main driver of the
KOSPI. We can see signs of being a
little bit maniac and a lot of people
borrowing money to invest in stocks.
>> And amid the mania is a mounting fear
that a bubble will soon burst.
>> The AI bubble debate is absolutely
raging right now.
>> South Korea is one of the biggest
beneficiary of the global AI trade
because it has two of the world's
largest memory chip makers.
>> Korean stocks are really maximizing
being beneficiaries of [music] the AI
capex bubble. That's the amount of money
that's pouring in
>> [music]
>> around the world, but particularly in
the US from the mega cap stocks into
building AI data [music] centers.
>> So, are South Korea's retail investors
building towards the future
or will they get wiped out?
>> I don't have a strong insight of when it
goes wrong.
>> But when the AI bubble collapses,
the pain in Korea is going to be
extraordinary.
>> And subscribers can watch their full
documentary now on the terminal or our
website at bloomberg.com. You can also
find more from Bloomberg Originals on
their YouTube channel. And of course,
we're also tracking the continued
selling we've been seeing across
markets, that risk aversion. You are
looking at session [music] lows across
these indices and even on Bitcoin as
well. No shortage of negative [music]
drivers when it comes to tech. We'll
continue tracking the market reaction.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Now, there are a couple of things
happening in markets across tech [music]
and I think that risk aversion is just
getting more pronounced as the trading
session progresses even as we head
towards [music] the lunch break in
Japan. Take a look at how SoftBank has
been faring double-digit [music]
declines. No thanks to this reporting
about OpenAI maybe delaying its IPO.
[music] We've seen how the Korea
exchange has been rolling out the
sidecar again to hold [music] perhaps
stem some of the volatility. And in
terms of the risk aversion, you are
seeing a bit of a pickup for havens as
[music] well. The dollar is on the front
foot yet again. We'll continue tracking
market moves. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> 1:29 a.m. in Tokyo here. Japanese
markets are heading to a lunch break in
just a moment and yeah, they're going to
need that break. We're close to 4%
declines when it comes to Nikkei 225.
SoftBank's been dragging uh most of
these indices here. They're down some
12% for the stock as as April mentioned
that New York Times report about OpenAI
delaying that potential AI IPO certainly
is what's maybe roiling a lot of these
sort of tech sort of AI trades here this
morning.
We're flat on on dollar yen but 161.80
levels. At one point uh I think just a
few hours ago uh we were nearing the
weakest since 1986
for the yen. So, certainly we're still
on intervention watch there. Um but yes,
we're tracking of course not just when
it comes to Japan but the sell-off
across Asia here today. Uh but yeah, you
take a look at what what's going on in
the onshore market. And and still when
you take a look at the STAR 50, it's
still seeing some pretty good AI sort of
names there, April.
>> Yeah, the rally there has been taking a
bit of a breather today, whether you're
talking Star 50 or ChiNext, but they
have been beneficiaries of investors
just piling money into AI hardware,
right? That has been where the focus is,
and when it comes to the tech stocks and
rally that we've been seeing, the extent
in which that is up this year, it's at
record 64% this quarter in terms of
gains. So, that's keeping it on par with
the KOSPI. That's, of course, another
market that has been benefiting from
this insatiable demand for AI-related
stocks. Consider, though, when it comes
to perhaps potential headwinds, take a
look at this next chart which will show
you valuations. They are looking pretty
stretched despite some of these earnings
upgrades that we've already been seeing.
It's just not enough to keep pace with
valuations. We're looking at it trading
what, almost 70 times forward earnings
on the Star 50, so that's a record high.
And then, keep in mind as well, when it
comes to the broadening out of the AI
trade, the extent in which investors
seem to be plowing into other parts,
right? The bottlenecks, components,
materials as well. Investors maybe see
that as a sign that maybe they're not as
confident as well to dip into those
handful of names that have been
dragging, you know, the big winners, uh
the ones that have been taking the
spotlight. So, that's something to keep
in mind even as we track this risk
aversion that we're seeing in the
markets today. We spoke to BofA Global
Research head of APAC Equity Strategy,
Winnie Wu, earlier about upcoming
earnings from mainland tech companies.
Take a listen.
>> I think Asia is very much thematic
driven, but once earning miss a little
bit, you see quite crowded shorting or
selling pressure in these sectors as
well. So, we've could see very uh
amplified volatility in some of the even
AI tech names, GPU names. Previously, we
saw some liquid coding names in the past
few quarters. If earnings miss, there's
huge down downside pressure.
>> Now, taking a look at the hottest stock
in Chinese AI, right? SenseTime, the AI
model developer that's gotten so much
attention. If you take a look at the
stock performance, it soared what?
2,000% since the listing in January, and
that has clearly outpaced those gains
we're seeing in the Hang Seng and the
Hang Seng Tech as well. Of course, we're
watching some of those technical levels
on the Hang Seng, maybe dipping to bear
market territory. All this hype suddenly
sparking concerns. Bloomberg
Intelligence says SenseTime is likely to
disappoint elevated expectations for
profitability, even as we watch these
levels, Ed On.
>> Yeah, so as we start to see these these
equity markets getting a bit more nasty
here in the in the last couple minutes
or so,
it's good to kind of signal maybe a look
at some of the other names, right? That
the bright spots. And and let's bring in
our senior industry analyst Robert Lee.
And also our market supporter Anthony
Stevens is here as well.
Anthony, I'll start with you first. How
about that? Just
breaking news right now. Markets are
getting nasty, and this this sell-off is
is continuing to deepen. What what do
you make of it right now? What's really
sparking it?
>> I think we had a twin trigger on either
side of the AI trade, right? We had
Apple raise its prices on chips,
highlighting the cost pressure on AI
from the semiconductor boom. And then
right after that, we had OpenAI talk
about pushing their IPO. That is on the
revenue side of the AI trade, right?
Like so, why are they why are they
delaying it? And it's because of the
competition, the struggle to show
monetization. And those twin concerns
are hitting markets now. So, you're
seeing the semiconductor trade pare back
a little bit because, you know, we're
having a repricing of some of these
expectations on how much of these
margins that we talked about yesterday
they can continue to get away with. And
then on the monetization side, you see
SoftBank struggle because they have all
these open AI bets and other AI bets.
When do those bets get to pay off in
public markets, right? And so we have
that dichotomy on both sides of the
market being negative now. And we are we
are in a Friday. And as you constantly
say, you know, you have no idea what's
going to happen on the weekend with
regards to geopolitics. So from a risk
management perspective, you know, we
touched 9,000 twice on the KOSPI, failed
twice. So today is the day you put that
bet that bet to to rest and you come
back next week.
>> How much is this just due to portfolio
rebalancing, right? As we get to sort of
month end, quarter end, and and really
for investors, is it is it a sign of
them, you know, selling out of markets
like Korea, like Taiwan this week? Is it
a sign of market direction moving
forward or do you think it's just kind
of volatility?
>> I think it's a bit of both. Volatility
is very high, right? So for example, the
KOSPI is in the 90 handle. That is more
single stock kind of volatility level.
For example, Micron is at a 100
volatility level. Then we get into quite
a weird technical calendar bump next
week where options expiry and the 4th of
July holiday are lined up, right? So
people have a good calendar reason to
take money off the table. Lastly,
equities has drastically outperformed
bonds. So some month-end rebalancing
between the two asset classes is
definitely coming. So as you correctly
say, from a flow perspective, from a
technical perspective, it's not
favorable. It continues to need a
narrative push for retail to keep buying
markets higher. And today we're seeing a
pause in that.
>> And then Robert, I mean, you talk about
Jihyo Paul, right? And this is one stock
that continues to kind of outperform day
and it's been relentless this rally.
What do you think is is behind it? Why
do you think investors are so excited
about a stock like Jihyo Paul?
>> Simple answer. It's got scarcity value
because I think your prior guest talked
about the underperformance of the big
tech platforms in China, the likes of
Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent. They're
quality businesses, but their core
businesses happen to be under huge
pressure at the the
Alibaba is suffering from these immense
price wars in
e-commerce.
Tencent has doubled their ad spend with
no real visibility on when that's going
to deliver a return. So, the earnings
numbers for most of the or the bulk of
the China tech stocks have been
progressively downgraded. In fact, HS
Tech index estimates are down
approximately 40% over the last 12
months or so. So, therefore, Du Tu
stands out and I do get the attraction.
It's a pure play. It's ranking high in
some of the performance tables.
And therefore, you know, investors have
piled into it. Like, you know, who needs
Bitcoin? Let's all pile into to Du Tu.
But,
the key issue that we have is both
fundamental and obviously tied into what
level of future growth rate the current
stock price is discounting in. And that
just seems completely unattainable from
where we sit. So, this is a stock again
that's gone up 20 times.
It's a heavily loss-making company. It's
going to lose around 700 million US
dollars this year. That loss on our
estimates is actually going to widen to
close to 830 million dollars.
I can say more, but I maybe I'll let
Anthony come in.
>> [laughter]
>> I think Eva has a question for
>> No, Rob, go ahead. Say more. I mean, we
want to know more about your core
arguments, right? Because you launched
that negative focus idea on the stock
yesterday. I mean, what else should we
be paying attention to?
>> Okay, we use something called a reverse
DCF, which basically without going into
the detail is trying to give you what
level of future growth is being factored
in or discounted in at the current
valuation. And based on our estimates,
and we've published it on the terminal,
this company is going to have to grow
its free cash flow at a compound annual
growth rate for 10 years at 93.7%.
So, if you roll forward 10 years, that
would mean they are generating revenue
of close to 70 billion dollars. Now, our
total estimate for the China AI sector,
excluding semiconductors and
on the hardware side, is 54 billion
dollars. So, one of these assumptions is
wrong. Either our market estimate is
completely been low-balled and you know,
it's it's too conservative. I don't
think that's the case. Or the market is
factoring in totally untenable,
unrealistic levels of future growth for
this company. Then if you look on
fundamentals for DeepMind, where is its
sustainable competitive edge? How can it
compete in the long term with better
resource companies like Alibaba, like
Tencent, like Huawei, like ByteDance?
It's a small-scale company, a sub-scale
company that lacks the resources. So,
you know, it's doing well at the moment,
but they're generating enormous losses,
which will actually blow out with a
genetic AI
demanding increasing.
>> All right, jump in here, Anthony.
>> Yeah, no, the interesting counterpoint
to this is obviously how they position
themselves as still pushing for general
AI, right? The the sky's the limit
there. Not many people believe that
anybody can achieve general AI, let
alone a Chinese producer. But if anyone
can do it, they have because what
they've done with so little resources.
Now, I'll want to draw a like-for-like
comparison, right? SpaceX took out
Cursor at 60 billion dollars. Cursor
went through three rounds of over a
billion dollars setting fire to that
money until they were bought out by
SpaceX at 60 million. So, DeepMind is
around 128 billion dollars today after a
500 million dollar capital raise IPO.
So, they're quite good at turning money
into technology. You you have to give it
to them, right? and as a result, they
are seen as kind of like the angel
of the Chinese economic and AI boom. The
second thing is how the Chinese look at
AI is a little bit different. So, you
you touched on this like total
addressable market of 54 yards, right?
And that is from a pure AI perspective,
that sounds about reasonable. But what
China is going for is this overall
economy integration into AI. So the
super apps, consumption by AI. So China
is a internet first consumer economy and
they're looking to supercharge that with
AI. Now, whether they can do that or not
is a very different topic and whether
consumption in China can ever turn from
its like, you know, very depressing
state, that's a very different
conversation. But that is seems to be
what's driving some of this bullishness
in the pure play China AI names.
>> I I agree with you. I think ultimately
Oh, I'm sorry. Let me stop you there.
>> wanted to slip a question in to Anthony
as well.
When it comes to, you know, the US
hyperscalers following on from SpaceX,
those concerns about the borrowing
costs, that seems to be resurfacing a
little bit, right? How do you see all
this shaking out in terms of market
impact?
>> Yeah, China is a a much more constrained
place with regards to dreaming about for
uh like down the line payoff from AI,
right? And you're seeing that in the HS
tech or KWEB underperformance versus the
semiconductors. The Chinese internet
companies just do not have the space to
keep buying semiconductors without a
payoff and that's why they're rushing to
integrate these super apps into the AI
ecosystem. They cannot delay it until
the technology is mature. They need to
start seeing payment for it right now.
So that's how the market is pricing it.
They're seeing that people are not
paying for AI really in the US. So you
know, China is much more cost sensitive.
So there's a lot of skepticism there and
that's why uh Baba and Tencent are
continuing to struggle. But the
semiconductor spend, that seems
insatiable in China and that space is
very resilient.
>> I'll give you a quick last word, Robert.
>> I was I was going to say I agree briefly
with Anthony in that the winners of
China AI are the consumers and the
economy as a whole. You know, driven by
the government strategy, government's
looking to drive economic productivity.
But companies like GeePoo are
subsidizing it. That's why they're going
to lose over 700 million dollars this
year, a widening loss. Their business is
not on a commercial footing. They have
no sustainable competitive edge. The
level of future growth the stock prices
discounting in at the moment is
completely unrealistic.
>> All right. We'll continue this
conversation. There's still plenty to
really unpack there. I really think
you're a Bloomberg Intelligence senior
industry analyst and of course our
markets reporter Anthony Stevens. Auto
comes to Gipu and the whole sort of AI
story in China. [music] We're checking
markets here right now. Continue to see
quite a bit of pressure here. China X is
now lower by 3%. Cosbi leading the
charge lower 6 and 1/2% losses here
today in Seoul. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Well, the Mobile World Congress is
underway in Shanghai where Chinese
mobile and consumer electronics brands
are showcasing their latest innovations.
Let's go to our chief Asia correspondent
Steven Engle. He's been checking out the
scenes there. Steve, what are you seeing
there this year?
>> Yeah, well, there's lots of foldables
obviously with Apple about to come out
with their own foldable in the autumn.
The Chinese makers, not only for the OEM
original equipment manufacturers
overseas and the big name brands,
they're coming out with their own brands
that are going to be hitting the world
very soon. This is Vivo. This is the
Vivo X Fold 6. I'm not a brand
promoter here, but again, it's quite
cool where you can multitask and do all
kinds of things. The price point is
still under wraps right now. We're
thinking it's going to be around 10,000
yuan or about 1,400 US dollars. That
would be considerably lower than rumored
cost for or price for the Apple new
foldable phone that will be coming out.
Some are saying rumors are saying that
could be in excess of 2,000 US dollars.
And again, the Apple story right now is
about them raising prices, not on the
iPhone line right now, but on Macs and
iPads and the like. I want to bring you
over here as we're going to toss to my
story here in just a minute. Vivo likes
to think this is the future of
electronic news gathering using mobile
phones connected to AI and with fancy
cameras like the Zeiss lenses that these
cameras have. I want to give you a news
flash. This next story, which I'm about
to toss to, was almost entirely shot on
mobile phones and other mobile devices.
So, the future is now at Bloomberg
Television. Here it is.
>> China's homegrown AI-infused electronics
brands are ready to fight for global
dominance. China's mobile ecosystem is
already much more about intelligent
mobility across many interconnected
product lines. Everything from
feature-rich foldables to superfast
supercomputers on wheels.
>> No lag. Boom. It goes.
>> And from humanoid walkables to a wealth
of AI wearables.
Oh, great. Now, I can life blog my every
waking minute. IDC says global wearable
device shipments for one grew more than
9% on year in 2025 on the back of an
array of new products in smart eyewear,
wristwear, earwear, and elsewhere one
would want to surveil themselves.
>> Yes, the IoT is finally happening. The
wearable is finally happening. We've
been
doing research on those things for for
years, but AI is the enabler. So, I'm
super excited.
>> But with hypercompetition at home, it's
no wonder Chinese companies want to take
their indigenously grown grooves to,
well, other dance floors.
>> Chinese consumers are digital natives
and tech enthusiasts in a way that
nobody else in the world is.
So, Chinese brands that are developing
product for China first
often find a receptive audience there
that they can then I think iterate and
get better at unique things and then
take them global when perhaps other
markets are are are ready for it.
>> Baker's Canada-based brand strategy
agency Totem, along with Rakuten
Insight, have just published their
latest rankings of Chinese top 100
global brands. Seven of the top eight
Chinese brand names listed here with the
best brand equity abroad are in consumer
electronics. The report found that Gen
Z'ers abroad tend to be more accepting
of all things Chinese, including Chinese
culture and Chinese consumer
electronics, than say older generations
or older age groups. It's a phenomenon
that some have coined China-maxing.
>> The young kids they look at the product,
they look at the qualities, they look at
the
you know
how well they serve their needs
instead of
where it is come from.
>> The manufacturing, tech, and innovation
is happening in China.
And now they're starting to get their
kind of marketing chops.
>> Totem says it may be in these Chinese
brands' best interest to actually raise
prices abroad, not only to help dispel
negative connotations of cheapness, but
also ward off price wars at home and
protectionist sentiments abroad.
Regardless,
the gloves are off and Chinese brands
are gunning to come out on top.
>> And of course, everything is mobile here
at the Mobile World Congress in
Shanghai. We're even watching the story.
There I am right now mobilely, of
course. That's nothing new. We've had
that for a long time, but China-maxing
is definitely a new trend. It's not just
for Gen Z ears. Even old 60-year-olds
like me, gray hairs, they can be China
maxers as well. Back to you.
>> Oh, we can always China max.
Uh what's what's that saying here? I'm
living a very Chinese life right now.
That's that's certainly what people have
been talking about when it comes about
drinking herbal teas, taking your shoes
off, of course, when you enter home. Um
Steve, it's great to have your report
there from the Mobile World Congress
here at a time. Yeah, as Steve
mentioned, right? Yes, there's a lot of
new gadgets, a lot of new technology
that's underway. But, I think what we're
hearing now is that consumer side of
things is now going to be feeling the
effects, of course, of memory chip
shortages, right? What what led to
Micron to rally yesterday is now why
Apple and its suppliers are falling
today, right? And you take a look at the
heat map uh when it comes to your
Bloomberg terminal, uh and you are
starting to see some of these most
heavily weighted stocks that continue to
see immense selling pressure, right?
Korea in particular, uh 005930, that's
of course is Samsung. Uh close to 8%
losses there right now. As you
mentioned, the Korean exchange just a
few moments ago did have to activate
that sidecar. Uh and also there is SK
Hynix. We're down 8 and 1/2% so it
continues to be this lingering concerns
about really where this chips rally is
going to be. Yes, you see visibility uh
when it comes to the earning side of
things, but then again, there is a lot
of volatility when it comes to, of
course, these leverage ETF markets. Uh
2330, of course, is TSMC. So, Taiwan and
Korea seem to be seeing most of those uh
painful pressure here today. Uh we're
down about close to 2% uh for a Taiwan
semi here. You You look back a little
bit and you continue to see when it
comes to HS Tech is still in the
doldrums, right? You're not seeing that
sort of broadening rotation out of these
sort of big darling names like TSMC and
into some of these uh value stocks in
some ways. But, yeah, you continue to
see 9988 here. This red box here, this
is the consumer discretionary side of
things. 5% losses for Alibaba. Uh of
course, yesterday was that whole
Anthropic accusations uh of them
stealing some of their AI models and the
like and that's leading to some more
concerns here but really it is becoming
more of this K-shaped recovery where you
continue to see consumption names suffer
in the face and in the in the cost of
really this AI rally. So, there you go.
You Alibaba, JD also seeing some
pressure here this morning as well. But
yes, a really good snapshot really how
sentiment is feeling here today. Is it
more just about foreign investors
portfolio rebalancing the like as we
near the end of the month or is there
signs of more direction here? But yes, a
lot has to do with what we heard about
the geopolitics, right? Overnight and
what's been going on the Strait of
Hormuz. You have an update there on
what's going on with the Iran war,
April.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think another
consideration for markets as we watch
the Kospi heading towards 7% in terms of
losses for the day. We are watching as
well these talks that are set to
continue between Israel and Lebanon on
Friday. That's according to the US State
Department. Now, these talks began on
Tuesday and then ran up until Thursday.
And of course, one of the key sticking
points is whether the Lebanese
government can show that it can keep
Hezbollah out of parts of southern
Lebanon. And reports say that some of
the issues that were on deck among these
negotiators was the extent in which the
government can prove its ability to keep
out Hezbollah. So, it was about
geography in this case and you saw there
how we're seeing oil prices against this
really being kept in check still despite
some considerations of course that we
saw previously the projectile that hit
ship in the straight. Just recapping as
well what we're seeing on the heat map
stocks really pulling under today.
You're also seeing pretty much across
assets, right? That red is seeping
through, Yvonne.
>> Look at the Kospi, right? We're seeing
losses of 7%. I think once we get to
eight, that's when we start to see that
daily limit. So, watch that market very
closely here this morning. And you're
watching the likes of Japan, Taiwan
continue to see that pressure there and
really leading the charge lower. But
even when it comes to onshore markets in
China, 3% losses for a CSI 300 and the
dollar seems to [music] be as coming
back here in the forefront as that safe
haven as well. Uh we have plenty more.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> This sell-off across with assets
continues and is worsening here this
morning with tech really leading the
charge. You take a look at what's been
going [music] on when it comes to the
Kospi, we're lower by 7%. Uh we are
seeing the dollar bit firmer here in the
back of this as well and we're watching
very closely what goes on with gold,
with Bitcoin here this [music] morning.
That's it for us here on the China show.